# Introduction
Hello there! 👋 I'm Gan Quanhao, a graduate from Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications(BUPT), majoring in Digital Media Technology, which is a programme that combines computer fundamentals, digital media computing, and digital media applications into one.In programming, I have completed various aspects of software development, including WeChat applet development, Android app development, and Unity development. In the field of artificial intelligence, I have implemented simple human posture recognition and customer service text summary projects. In the field of media applications, he has completed projects in digital music sound design, 3D rendering, and special effects production.
## Passion for Game Development
Developing games :video_game: has been a dream of mine since I was a little kid, and I find it fulfilling to create novel gameplay and game concepts and realise them using computer technology. I have worked on several ARVR games and won several awards, I have also worked on a game project for teachers within the college, a programming puzzle game to help beginners, and I have also developed simple indie games with team members, where the models were all made by the team. In order to better realise my dream of game development, I am constantly learning how to use blender and Zbrush to create 3d models, and I am also interested in Cubase to create game soundtracks :notes: !
## Vision for Digital Media Innovation
I hope that through my efforts, I can create more innovative digital media products that can bring more meaning to education, life and the promotion of traditional culture.Let's connect and explore the endless possibilities at the intersection of technology and creativity! 🚀  
Feel free to check out my GitHub repositories for a closer look at my projects and contributions. Looking forward to collaborating and creating something extraordinary together! 🌟
